OKTA-508016 Remove social and enterprise IdPs from left nav (#3423)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/index.md

---
title: Enterprise Identity Provider
meta:
  - name: description

>     content: (Add an enterprise Identity Provider) Okta supports authentication with external enterprise Identity Providers that uses OpenID Connect as well as SAML (also called Inbound Federation). Get an overview of the process and prerequisites, as well as the instructions required to set one up.

Author: Thanks, I'll use this suggestion.

### Custom Okta-hosted sign-in page

> **Note:** This section only applies to Okta Classic Engine.<br>

> > If you're using Okta Identity Engine, the **Sign in with IdP** option is available on the widget after you've [created an Identity Provider in your Okta org](#create-an-identity-provider-in-okta) and configured the [routing rule](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext-cfg-routing-rules). See [Identify your Okta solution](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) to determine your Okta version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using Okta Identity Engine, the **Sign in with IdP** option is available on the widget after you [create an Identity Provider in your Okta org](#create-an-identity-provider-in-okta) and configure the [routing rule](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext-cfg-routing-rules). See [Identify your Okta solution](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) to determine your Okta version.
```
